
QUESTIONS

1.Write an algorithm and program that displays all the elements X in a binary
search tree such that k1 <= x <= k2 where k1 and k2 are two values supplied

2.Write a non recursive algorithm and program to find the preorder traversal of a
binary tree.

3.Write an algorithm and program to enter an integer and to reverse the digits of
the integer using suitable data structure

4.Write an algorithm and program to swap first and last nodes of a linked list
(interchange only pointers)

5.Write an algorithm and program to create a priority queue using linked list.
Store element and priority value. Assume square root of entered number as its
priority value. Insert and delete the elements.

6.Write an algorithm and a program to remove all occurrences of element x from
list L

7.Devise an algorithm for determining whether the two binary trees T1 and T2 are
similar or not. Out of these two trees T1 is represented with linked storage
representation and T2 is represented with sequential storage representation.
Write also the program.

8.Suppose a binary tree is represented in memory(Using linked structure) Write a
recursive procedure which finds the number of nodes, number of edges and
height of the tree. Write also the program .

9.Write an algorithm and program to delete repeated elements from a singly
linked list

10.A binary tree is given with the sequential storage representation. Write an
algorithm and program to copy the binary tree into linked storage
representation.

11.Suppose the array to be sorted (into alphabetical order) by Heapsort initially
contains the following sequence of letters E,X,A,M,P,L,E. Show how they
would be arranged in the array after the heap construction phase. Also show
how the heap sort is done in this array. Explain in detail with the help of
diagram. Write the algorithm & program for heapsort

12.Apply quick sort to sort the list P,O,L,Y,N,O,M,I,A,L in alphabetical order.
Explain in detail every step. Write the algorithm & program for quicksort

13.Write an algorithm and program to find the minimum & maximum elements
from a non empty binary search tree.

14.Write an algorithm and program to count the
Number of nodes with degree 2
Number of nodes with degree 1
Number of nodes with degree 0
Assume that a binary tree is represented with linked storage representation.

15.Write an algorithm and program that checks whether a given binary tree is a
binary search tree or not

16.Apply merge sort to sort the list P,O,L,Y,N,O,M,I,A,L in alphabetical order.
Explain in detail every step. Write the algorithm & program for merge sort

17.Write an algorithm and a program to insert an element into a linked list in which
elements are stored in ascending order

18.Write an algorithm and program to find the predecessor of a given node in a
singly linked list.

19.Devise an algorithm for determining whether the two binary trees T1 and T2 are
similar or not. Out of these two trees T1 is represented with linked storage
representation and T2 is represented with sequential storage representation.
Write the program

20.Write an algorithm and program to count the number of nodes in a given
circular doubly linked list

21.Write an algorithm and program to find the number of even and odd numbers in
a given linked list

22.Create a singly linked list with a set of data. Then for any input K, split the list
into three lists LIST1, LIST2 and LIST3 such that the elements in LIST1 is less
than the value K, the elements in LIST2 is equal to the value K and the elements
in LIST3 is greater than the value K. Write an algorithm and program.

23.Write a non recursive algorithm and program to find the preorder traversal of a
binary tree.

24.Write an algorithm and program to print all ancestors of a particular node in a
binary tree

25.Write an algorithm and program to concatenate two linear linked lists

26.Write a non-recursive algorithm and program which will return and remove the
maximum element from a binary search tree.

27.A binary tree is given with the sequential storage representation. Write an
algorithm and program to copy the binary tree into linked storage
representation.

28.Given a doubly linked list , write an algorithm and program that removes a node
with a particular value from the list and inserts it in the front

29.Write an algorithm and program to print the middle node’s value in a singly
linked list.

30.Write a program to find successor of the given element in a linked list

31.Write a non recursive algorithm and program to find the inorder traversal of a
binary tree.

32.There are two linear lists L1 and L2. Find L1  L2 ( means the common
elements in L1 and L2) into a new list called L3. Write the algorithm and
program.

33.Suppose the array to be sorted (into alphabetical order) by Heapsort initially
contains the following sequence of letters T,R,A,V,E,R,S,A,L. Show how they
would be arranged in the array after the heap construction phase. Also show
how the heap sort is done in this array. Explain in detail with the help of
diagram. Write the algorithm & program for heapsort

34.Suppose a binary search tree T is in memory. Write an algorithm and program
which counts and deletes all the leafs in T

35.Apply quick sort to sort the list S, O, R, T, I, N, G. in alphabetical order.
Explain in detail every step. Write the algorithm & program for quicksort

36.Write an algorithm and program to spilt a linked list into two lists, in such a
manner that the first linked list contains the odd numbered nodes & second
linked list contains the even numbered nodes.

37.A palindrome is some word/line that reads the same forwards or backwards.
Given a linked list of words, write an algorithm and program to create a
palindrome list from it by concatenating its reverse list to the given list

38.Write a non-recursive algorithm and program which will return and remove the
minimum element from a binary search tree.

39.Write a non recursive algorithm and program to find the postorder traversal of a
binary tree.

40.Let LIST be a linked list in memory. Write an algorithm and program which 
i)Finds the number of times a given item occurs in LIST 
ii)Finds the number of non zero elements in LIST 
iii) Adds a given value K to each element in LIST

41.Write an algorithm and program that test for balanced bracket pairs. The input
strings all consisting of a single line less than 80 characters long will include
four types of brackets.
{ }, [ ], < >, ( ).For an expression to be parenthesized properly each left
bracket must be matched with a right bracket of the same type
for eg. {A [ B <C> <D> (E)]} is correct.
 { A [ B }] is not correct.

42.Suppose the array to be sorted (into alphabetical order) by Heapsort initially
contains the following sequence of letters C,O,M,P,L,E,X,I,T,Y. Show how
they would be arranged in the array after the heap construction phase. Also
show how the heap sort is done in this array. Explain in detail with the help of
diagram. Write the algorithm & program for heapsort

43.Write an algorithm and program that reverses all the elements in a queue using
stack

44.Write an algorithm and program which interchanges the Kth and K+1 th elements
in the list without interchanging any values, interchange only pointers

45.Given single circular linked list containing a set of data. Obtain the following
from this data structure
i)Reverse the direction of links
ii)For given two elements in the list, find the distance(that is, the number of
nodes) between the two. Write an algorithm and program .

46.Write an algorithm and program to create a singly linked list and split it at the
middle and make the second half as the first and vice-versa. Display the final
list

47.Suppose FIRST and SECOND are sorted singly linked lists with distinct
elements. Write an algorithm and program which combines the lists into a
single sorted linked list by changing the pointers.

48.Apply quick sort to sort the list T,R,A,V,E,R,S,A,L in alphabetical order.
Explain in detail every step. Write the algorithm & program for quicksort

49.Write an algorithm and a program to delete the first node from a singly linked
list L

50.Apply merge sort to sort the list T,R,A,V,E,R,S,A,L in alphabetical order.
Explain in detail every step. Write the algorithm & program for merge sort

51.Write an algorithm and a program to remove all occurrences of element x from
list L

52.Suppose a binary tree is represented in memory(Using linked structure) Write a
recursive procedure which finds the number of nodes, number of edges and
height of the tree. Write also the program .

53.Write a non recursive algorithm and program to find the postorder traversal of a
binary tree.

54.Write an algorithm and program to create a priority queue using linked list.
Store element and priority value. Assume square root of entered number as its
priority value. Insert and delete the elements.

55.Write an algorithm and program to print all ancestors of a particular node in a
binary tree

56.Suppose a binary search tree T is in memory. Write an algorithm and program
which counts and deletes all the leafs in T

57.Write an algorithm and program to count the number of nodes in a given
circular doubly linked list

58.Write an algorithm and program to find the minimum and maximum value from
a binary search tree

59.A binary tree is given with the sequential storage representation. Write an
algorithm and program to copy the binary tree into linked storage
representation.

60.There are two linear lists L1 and L2. Find L1 U L2 (means all elements in L1
and L2) into a new list called L3. Then make L3 as a sorted list. Write the
algorithm and program.

61.Write an algorithm and program to find the predecessor of a given node in a
singly linked list.

62.Write an algorithm and a program to delete the last node from a doubly linked
list L

63.Write an algorithm and a program to sort a singly linked list L

64.Write an algorithm and program to insert a node at a specific position in a
doubly linked list

65.Write an algorithm and program to find the minimum and maximum value from
the linked list

66.Write an algorithm and program to delete a particular value from a doubly
linked list

67.Write an algorithm and program to count the number of nodes a linked list

68.Write an algorithm and program to add a value K to all nodes data in a linked
list